akinti, ãkina, ãkino
aktyvinti, aktỹvina, aktỹvino
alsinti, alsìna, alsìno
amžinti, amžinà, ámžino
auginti, augìna, augìno
aukštinti, áukština, áukštino
balinti, bãlina, bãlino
baltinti, baltinà, báltino
barškinti, bárškina, bárškino
bauginti, baugìna, baugìno
blizginti, blìzgina, blìzgino
bloginti, blõgina, blõgino
blukinti, blùkina, blukino
brandinti, brandìna, brandìno
branginti, brangìna, brangìno
budinti, bùdina, bùdino
dabinti, dabìna, dabìno
dalinti, dalìna, dalìno
dauginti, dáugina, daũgino
deginti, dẽgina, dẽgino
derinti, dẽrina, dẽrino
didinti, dìdina, dìdino
dievinti, diẽvina, diẽvino
dirginti, dìrgina, dìrgino
dominti, dõmina, dõmino
drebinti, drẽbina, drẽbino
dulkinti, dulkinà, dùlkino
dusinti, dùsina, dùsino
dvigubinti, dvìgubina, dvìgubino
džiovinti, džiovìna, džiovìno
džiuginti, džiùgina, džiùgino
erzinti, érzina, érzino
