artintis, ar̃tinasi, ar̃tinosi
baimintis, báiminasi, báiminosi
dalintis, dalìnasi, dalìnosi
daugintis, dáuginasi, dáuginosi
degintis, dẽginasi, dẽginosi
derintis, dẽrinasi, dẽrinosi
dulkintis, dùlkinasi, dùlkinosi
erzintis, érzinasi, érzinosi
gėdintis, gė́dinasi, gė́dinosi
gilintis, gìlinasi, gìlinosi
gražintis, grãžinasi, grãžinosi
jaudintis, jáudinasi, jáudinosi
kaitintis, kaĩtinasi, kaĩtinosi
krutintis, krutinasi, krutinosi
kuprintis, kuprinasi, kuprinosi
kūprintis, kuprinasi, kuprinosi
lažintis, lãžinasi, lãžinosi
lepintis, lẽpinasi, lẽpinosi
linksmintis, lìnksminasi, lìnksminosi
maitintis, maitìnasi, maitìnosi
mankštintis, mankštìnasi, mankštìnosi
meilintis, méilinasi, méilinosi
mokintis, mokìnasi, mokìnosi
nervintis, nèrvinasi, nèrvinosi
nešdintis, nẽšdinasi, nẽšdinosi
ramintis, ramìnasi, ramìnosi
rūpintis, rū́pinasi, rū́pinosi
skolintis, skõlinasi, skõlinosi
skubintis, skùbinasi, skùbinosi
šlapintis, šlãpinasi, šlãpinosi
sveikintis, svéikinasi, svéikinosi
tikrintis, tìkrinasi, tìkrinosi
tuštintis, tùštinasi, tùštinosi
tvirtintis, tvìrtinasi, tvìrtinosi
vadintis, vadìnasi, vadìnosi
vaišintis, vaišìnasi, vaišìnosi
vargintis, várginasi, varginosi
vėlintis, vė̃linasi, vėlinosi
