aukoti, aukója, aukójo
balnoti, balnója, balnójo
bujoti, bujója, bujójo
buvoti, buvója, buvójo
byloti, bylója, bylójo
dėkoti, dėkója, dėkójo
dienoti, dienója, dienójo
doroti, dorója, dorójo
eikvoti, eikvója, eikvójo
galvoti, galvója, galvójo
giedoti, giedoja, giedójo
globoti, globója, globójo
grūmoti, grūmója, grūmójo
kakoti, kakoja, kakojo
kavoti, kavoja, kavojo
klajoti, klajója, klajójo
kovoti, kovója, kovójo
kvatoti, kvatója, kvatójo
laidoti, láidoja, láidojo
liepsnoti, liepsnója, liepsnójo
lynoti, lynója, lynójo
mazgoti, mazgója, mazgójo
nakvoti, nakvója, nakvójo
naudoti, naudója, naudójo
neabejoti, neabejója, neabejójo
plėtoti, plėtója, plėtójo
putoti, putója, putójo
raitoti, raitoja, raitójo
rasoti, rasója, rasójo
riaumoti, riaumója, riaumójo
riboti, ribója, ribójo
ropoti, ropója, ropójo
saugoti, sáugoja, sáugojo
sijoti, sijója, sijójo
stokoti, stokója, stokójo
svajoti, svajója, svãjojo
tausoti, tausója, tausójo
vagoti, vagója, vagójo
vartoti, vartója, vartójo
vasaroti, vasarója, vasarójo
žaloti, žalója, žalójo
žiemoti, žiemója, žiemójo
žvejoti, žvejója, žvejójo
