augti, áuga, áugo
balti, bą̃la, bãlo
bėgti, bė́ga, bė́go
birti, bỹra, bìro
čiupti, čiupa, čiùpo
dilti, dỹla, dìlo
dirbti, dìrba, dìrbo
grimti, grima, grìmo
gverti, gvęra, gvẽro
irti, yrà, ìro
kerti, kę̃ra, kẽro
kęsti, kę̃ra, kẽro
kilti, kỹla, kìlo
kimšti, kem̃ša, kìmšo
kirpti, ker̃pa, kir̃po
kirsti, ker̃ta, kir̃to
klerti, klęra, klèro
knežti, knęža, knežo
knisti, knìsa, knìso
krušti, krušà, krùšo
lipti, lìpa, lìpo
lupti, lùpa, lùpo
mirkti, merka, mir̃ko
pirkti, per̃ka, pir̃ko
piršti, per̃ša, pir̃šo
pisti, pisa, piso
purti, pūra, pùro
rinkti, reñka, riñko
risti, rìta, rìto
šalti, šą̃la, šãlo
sėsti, sė́da, sė́do
šikti, šika, šiko
šilti, šỹla, šìlo
sirgti, ser̃ga, sir̃go
skilti, skỹla, skìlo
skusti, skùta, skùto
slinkti, sleñka, sliñko
šokti, šóka, šòko
svilti, svylà, svìlo
svirti, svỹra, svìro
tilpti, tel̃pa, tiplo
tušti, tuša, tùšo
vilkti, vel̃ka, vil̃ko
žirti, žỹra, žìro
žysti, žỹra, žìro
