alkti, álksta, al̃ko
alpti, al̃psta, al̃po
blankti, blañksta, blánko
blogti, blogsta, blõgo
brangti, brángsta, brángo
brinkti, brìnksta, brìnko
dingti, diñgsta, diñgo
dirgti, dirgsta, dirgo
drėgti, drėgsta, drėgo
drėkti, drė́ksta, drė́ko
dūkti, dū̃ksta, dū̃ko
dygti, dýgsta, dýgo
geibti, geĩbsta, geibo
kirbti, kirbsta, kirbo
klimpti, klim̃psta, klim̃po
krypti, krỹpsta, krỹpo
linkti, liñksta, liñko
mėgti, mė́gsta, mė́go
nokti, nóksta, nóko
nykti, nỹksta, nỹko
pykti, pỹksta, pỹko
rūgti, rū́gsta, rū́go
rūkti, rū̃ksta, rū̃ko
šėlti, šė̃lsta, šė̃lo
senti, sénsta, sèno
slūgti, slū́gsta, slū́go
sprogti, sprógsta, sprógo
stingti, stìngsta, stìngo
svaigti, svaĩgsta, svaĩgo
sveikti, sveĩksta, sveĩko
temti, témsta, temo
tilti, tilsta, tìlo
tingti, tìngsta, tìngo
tirpti, tir̃psta, tir̃po
tolti, tõlsta, tõlo
tvaikti, tvaiksta, tvaĩko
vargti, var̃gsta, var̃go
virbti, virbsta, vir̃bo
vykti, vỹksta, vỹko
žvarbti, žvar̃bsta, žvar̃bo
