blykšti, blỹkšta, blỹško
čežti, čęžta, čežo
drįsti, drį̃sta, drį̃so
dusti, dū̃sta, dùso
gaišti, gaĩšta, gaĩšo
gelsti, gel̃sta, gel̃to
gležti, glę̃žta, gležo
gniužti, gniužta, gniùžo
grįžti, grį̃žta, grį̃žo
grūsti, grūstà, grū́do
justi, juñta, jùto
kaisti, kaĩsta, kaĩto
kisti, kiñta, kìto
klysti, klýsta, klýdo
krešti, krę̃šta, krẽšo
krimsti, krimstà, krim̃to
kristi, kreñta, krìto
kušti, kùšta, kušo
misti, miñta, mìto
niršti, nir̃šta, nir̃šo
plisti, pliñta, plìto
plušti, plūšta, plùšo
plyšti, plýšta, plýšo
rausti, raustà, raũdo
slysti, slýsta, slýdo
šusti, šuñta, šùto
švisti, šviñta, švìto
tižti, tỹžta, tìžo
trokšti, trókšta, tróško
trykšti, trýkšta, trýško
tūžti, tū́žta, tū́žo
vėsti, vė́sta, vė́so
virsti, vir̃sta, vir̃to
visti, výsta, vìso
vysti, výsta, výto
