baigtis, baĩgiasi, baĩgėsi
džiaugtis, džiaũgiasi, džiaũgėsi
elgtis, el̃giasi, el̃gėsi
girtis, gìriasi, gýrėsi
graužtis, gráužiasi, gráužėsi
grumtis, grùmiasi, grū́mėsi
irtis, ìriasi, ýrėsi
jauktis, jaũkiasi, jaũkėsi
jaustis, jaũčiasi, jaũtėsi
jungtis, jùngiasi, jùngėsi
juoktis, juõkiasi, juõkėsi
kauptis, kaũpiasi, kaũpėsi
keiktis, kéikiasi, kéikėsi
keistis, keĩčiasi, keĩtėsi
keltis, kẽliasi, kė́lėsi
klauptis, klaũpiasi, klaũpėsi
kreiptis, kreĩpiasi, kreĩpėsi
kviestis, kviẽčiasi, kviẽtėsi
lauktis, láukiasi, láukėsi
lenktis, leñkiasi, leñkėsi
plėstis, plẽčiasi, plė̃tėsi
plūktis, plū̃kiasi, plū̃kėsi
pūstis, pùčiasi, pū̃tėsi
raustis, raũsiasi, raũsėsi
reikštis, réiškiasi, réiškėsi
remtis, rẽmiasi, remėsi
rengtis, reñgiasi, reñgėsi
riestis, riẽčiasi, riẽtėsi
rungtis, rùngiasi, rùngėsi
ruoštis, ruõšiasi, ruõšėsi
šauktis, šaũkiasi, šaũkėsi
semtis, sẽmiasi, sė́mėsi
šiauštis, šiáušiasi, šiáušėsi
skalbtis, skal̃biasi, skal̃bėsi
skirtis, skìriasi, skýrėsi
steigtis, steĩgiasi, steĩgėsi
stengtis, sténgiasi, sténgėsi
stiebtis, stiẽbiasi, stiẽbėsi
tartis, tãriasi, tãrėsi
teiktis, teĩkiasi, teĩkėsi
telktis, tel̃kiasi, tel̃kėsi
tęstis, tę̃siasi, tę̃sėsi
trenktis, treñkiasi, treñkėsi
tuoktis, tuõkiasi, tuõkėsi
tūptis, tùpiasi, tū̃pėsi
tvertis, tvẽriasi, tvė́rėsi
veistis, veĩsiasi, veĩsėsi
verstis, ver̃čiasi, ver̃tėsi
vertis, vẽriasi, vė́rėsi
veržtis, ver̃žiasi, ver̃žėsi
viltis, vìliasi, výlėsi
