baidytis, baĩdosi, baĩdėsi
barstytis, bar̃stosi, bar̃stėsi
blaškytis, blãškosi, blãškėsi
dairytis, daĩrosi, daĩrėsi
dangstytis, dañgstosi, dañgstėsi
graibytis, graĩbosi, graĩbėsi
gydytis, gýdosi, gýdėsi
klausytis, klaũsosi, klaũsėsi
klostytis, klóstosi, klóstėsi
kratytis, krãtosi, krãtėsi
kraustytis, kráustosi, kráustėsi
laikytis, laĩkosi, laĩkėsi
lankytis, lañkosi, lañkėsi
lydytis, lýdosi, lydė́si
maivytis, máivosi, máivėsi
maudytis, máudosi, máudėsi
mokytis, mókosi, mókėsi
pelnytis, pel̃nosi, pel̃nėsi
purtytis, pùrtosi, pùrtėsi
raitytis, raĩtosi, raĩtėsi
ramstytis, ram̃stosi, ram̃stėsi
rangytis, rañgosi, rañgėsi
rašytis, rãšosi, rãšėsi
rąžytis, rą̃žosi, rą̃žėsi
rodytis, ródosi, ródėsi
šaipytis, šaĩposi, šaĩpėsi
šildytis, šìldosi, šìldėsi
skaitytis, skaĩtosi, skaĩtėsi
skirstytis, skìrstosi, skìrstėsi
sklaidytis, sklaĩdosi, sklaĩdėsi
šluostytis, šlúostosi, šlúostėsi
stumdytis, stùmdosi, stùmdėsi
taikytis, táikosi, táikėsi
taisytis, taĩsosi, taĩsėsi
tampytis, tam̃posi, tam̃pėsi
taškytis, tãškosi, tãškėsi
tvarkytis, tvar̃kosi, tvar̃kėsi
valytis, vãlosi, vãlėsi
vartytis, var̃tosi, var̃tėsi
varžytis, var̃žosi, var̃žėsi
vystytis, výstosi, výstėsi
žvalgytis, žval̃gosi, žval̃gėsi
