aidėti, áidi, aidė́jo
amsėti, ámsi, amsė́jo
avėti, ãvi, avė́jo
budėti, bùdi, budė́jo
gailėti, gaĩli, gailė́jo
galėti, gãli, galė́jo
gedėti, gẽdi, gedė́jo
gulėti, gùli, gulė́jo
ilsėti, ìlsi, ilsė́jo
kalėti, kãli, kalė́jo
kerėti, kẽri, kerė́jo
klestėti, klẽsti, klestė́jo
kliedėti, klíedi, kliedė́jo
kranksėti, kránksi, kranksė́jo
laimėti, laĩmi, laimė́jo
lindėti, liñdi, lindė́jo
linkėti, liñki, linkė́jo
linksėti, lìnksi, linksė́jo
lydėti, lỹdi, lydė́jo
lytėti, lýti, lytė́jo
minėti, minì, minė́jo
mirksėti, mìrksi, mirksė́jo
mylėti, mýli, mylė́jo
norėti, nóri, norė́jo
pypsėti, pýpsi, pypsė́jo
regėti, rẽgi, regė́jo
ryšėti, rỹši, ryšė́jo
šlepsėti, šlèpsi, šlepsė́jo
slypėti, slỹpi, slypė́jo
smirdėti, smìrdi, smirdė́jo
spindėti, spiñdi, spindė́jo
stebėti, stẽbi, stebė́jo
stovėti, stóvi, stovė́jo
švytėti, švỹti, švytė́jo
šykštėti, šykštì, šykštė́jo
tikėti, tìki, tikė́jo
tiksėti, tìksi, tiksė́jo
tingėti, tìngi, tingė́jo
trepsėti, trèpsi, trepsė́jo
tupėti, tùpi, tupė́jo
turėti, turì, turė́jo
tylėti, tỹli, tylė́jo
vešėti, vešì, vešė́jo
viešėti, viẽši, viešė́jo
žagsėti, žàgsi, žagsė́jo
žavėti, žãvi, žavė́jo
žiojėti, žiõji, žiojė́jo
žiūrėti, žiūrì, žiūrė́jo
žlegsėti, žlegsi, žlegsė́jo
žybsėti, žýbsi, žybsė́jo
žydėti, žýdi, žydė́jo
žymėti, žỹmi, žymė́jo
