bidzenti, dzenti_zdena_zdeno
bjurti, jurti_jursta_juro
blęsti, lęsti_lendžia_lendė
dubliouti, iouti_iuoja_iavo
glerti, lerti_lęra_lero
gnybti, nybti_nybia_nybė
grizti, rizti_ryzta_rizo
issigąsti, sigąsti_sigąsta_sigando
kniaukti, niaukti_niaũkia_niaũkė
siūbtelti, telti_teli_telėjo
šnektelti, telti_teli_telėjo
snerkšti, erkšti_erkščia_irkštė
šnerpšti, erpšti_erpščia_irpštė
šniokšti, iokšti_iokščia_iokštė
šniypšti, iypšti_ypščia_ypštė
spisti, pisti_pinta_pito
švokšti, okšti_okščia_okštė
tebebūti, bebūti_bebūna_bebuvo
tmepti, mepti_empia_emptė
tursenti, senti_sẽna_sẽno
verkšlenti, šlenti_šlẽna_šlẽno
